capital = 1485
primary_culture = Arameny_tag
religion = znmvygkamgwxbibh
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.05
civilized = no
prestige = 0

# Political Reforms
slavery = no_slavery
vote_franschise = none_voting
upper_house_composition = appointed
political_parties = gerrymandering
voting_system = first_past_the_post
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# Voting:
ruling_party = QKW_liberal
last_election = 1830.8.5
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
	liberal = 6
	reactionary = 10
	conservative = 84
}
consciousness = 1
nonstate_consciousness = 0
oob = "QKW_oob.txt"

